# Release notes
---
## 0.1.1
 - AQC-264: Changes is preparation for making shipyard open source.
 - AQC-581: Multi-Qubit readout - improved support.

---
## 0.1.0
 - refactor to make internal dependency structure simpler.
 - AQC-554: Ports for Setup can be generated based on Instruments in Setup
 - AQC-557: QASM AST or string of port and frame definitions can be generated based on Setup Object
 - AQC-559: Setup objects may be supplied directly to Compiler at instanciation instead of path to setup.
 - AQC-556: Method in SetupExternal for changing which port a frame points to.
 - Method for getting Core tuple for port or frame.

---
## 0.0.4
 - AQC-540: Pin Zhinst version to 23.6.2
 - MEAS-111: HOTFIX: timing constraints for for loops and zero delay
 - AQC-555: add to_json and to_yaml methods for setup.
 - AQC-572: executeTableEntry supports identifiers and expression

---
## 0.0.3
 - AQC-390: single shot options and settings generated by compiler
 - AQC-411: cached compilation
 - AQC-417: Support for playback using 2nd channel of HDAWG cores.
 - AQC-482: support placeholder command in seqc code
 - AQC-472: Supply waveforms to compiler.
 - AQC-364: Use command table for pulses
 - AQC-378: Interpret waveforms in seqcprinter
 - AQC-494: Profiling and performance optimization
 - AQC-491: Error on timing constraints not met

 ---


## 0.0.2
 - AQC-384: Generate Settings for HD and SG cores and more settings for QA cores.
 - AQC-391: Generate a QA setting for length of Integration waveforms.
 - release notes added, version bumped to 0.0.2
 - AQC-222: Implement from_yml function to create setups
 - AQC-316: Added functions to generate qasm code for arb. waveforms.
 - AQC-236: Jupyter notebook for Ramsey experiments to run on ZI equipment.
 - AQC-229: Determine ZI QA points to record from QASM code
 - AQC-230: Determine dimension(s) of measurment from QASM code
 - AQC-257: Extend For loops to handle IndexExpressions
 - AQC-299: Support for openQASM Input
 - AQC-241: Dynamically switch between cvar and var in seqc for loops based on the code executed within the for loop
 - AQC-218: Replace use of waitZSyncTrigger in qasm with a generic trigger command that gets translated into ZI specific command
 - AQC-258: Bump up version number and update release notes on shipyard
 - AQC-269: BUGFIX: corrected trigger and scope channel assignment in ZI instrument settings
 - AQC-270: BUGFIX: corrected capture length of raw scope traces in ZI instrument settings
 - AQC-400: BUGFIX: pinned Pydantic version to 1.10 to avoid migrating to 2.0
 - AQC-377: BUGFIX: qachannel now set correctly when settings are generated
 - AQC-317: Visualize pulse sequences generated by openQASM scripts
 - AQC-351: Multiplexed readout on a single QA core for multiple qubits
 - AQC-399: Add support for IndexedIdentifiers as target in QuantumMeasurementStatement in Interpreter


---

## 0.0.1
 - AQC-213: DurationTransformer: transforms duration literals to samples (e.g. from ns to samples), sample_rate currently defaults to 2GS/s. Support for different sample rates is implemented in the DurationTransformer but not plugged in for the Compiler itself.
 - AQC-243: Spectro-on-zi: example scripts that run different spectroscopy experiments on ZI equipment
 - AQC-242: Ramsey-on-zi: example script that runs a ramsey experiment on ZI equipment
 - AQC-181: Ramsey end-to-end: end to end example for a ramsey experiment.
 - AQC-212: Waveform Sampler: sample waveforms for QA cores, which don't support on board waveform generation.
 - AQC-221: Data outside SEQC: compiler now generates settings lists of settings that can't be expressed in SEQC code.
 - AQC-215: Frequency and phase control: support for openpulse frequency/phase control commands. different AWG cores have different limitations on set/get/shift.
 - AQC-211: ProgramSplitter: Compiler pass that splits a single openQASM program into multiple openQASM programs for individual AWG Cores
 - AQC-182: Port-Channel-Map: mapping between openQASM ports and instrument channels
 - AQC-214: RemoveUnused: Compiler pass that removes unused quantaties and definitions
 - AQC-199: SEQCPrinter
 - AQC-202: Semantic Analysis
 - AQC-205: Name Mangling: Docstrings and Tests
 - AQC-195: Docstring for scoped symbol table
 - AQC-198: Tests for symbols
 - AQC-194: Define External function symbols from json files
 - AQC-193: Symbols
 - AQC-190: Initial working prototype


